Avoid using nb::Result as a return type (#2882)
esp-rs/esp-hal: esp-hal/MIGRATING-0.22.md

-     cnt += 1;
- }
+ let mut buff = [0u8; 64];
+ serial.read_bytes(&mut buff);
```

> Uart `write_bytes` is now blocking and return the number of bytes written. `read_bytes` block until it fills the provided buffer with readed bytes, use `read_buffered_bytes` to read the available bytes wihtout blocking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uart `write_bytes` is now blocking and return the number of bytes written. `read_bytes` will block until it fills the provided buffer with received bytes, use `read_buffered_bytes` to read the available bytes without blocking.
```

e.g.

```diff
- while let nb::Result::Ok(_c) = serial.read_byte() {
-     cnt += 1;
- }
+ let mut buff = [0u8; 64];

> + serial.read_bytes(&mut buff);

Reviewer: This addition is no longer in the right file.

+#[main]
fn main() {
```

> 0

Reviewer 2: seems here sneaked a `0` in
